Improvements documentation and code - azure architecture center (#29)
microsoft/connected-fleet-refarch: docs/DataverseIntegration.md

  | Key | Value |
  |-----|-------|
  | DataVerse_Secret | The Application registration secret value from the first step |
  | DataVerse_AppId | The Application registration id |
  | DataVerse_Uri | The uri of the dataverse. You can find it in the Power Platform admin center

* Export a variable with the name of the function app created in the telemetry platform

```bash
export fifunctionapp=$(az functionapp list --query "[].name" --resource-group ${RG_FLEETINTEGRATION} --output tsv)
```
* Set the configuration using the following command:

```bash
az functionapp config appsettings set --resource-group ${RG_FLEETINTEGRATION} --name ${fifunctionapp} --settings @FunctionsConfig.json
```

Deploy the function app to your function app instance using the following command

```bash
func azure functionapp publish ${fifunctionapp} --dotnet
```

After the command succeeds, you can check the functions deployed using the following command (replace name and resource group with your names)

```bash
     az functionapp function list --query "[].{name:name, resource:resourceGroup}" --name ${fifunctionapp} --resource-group ${RG_FLEETINTEGRATION} --output table
```

## Try it out

> Use a MQTT Test Client to send Event Data. Event data will be stored in the dataverse as IoT Alerts, and the vehicle asset will be created if necessary.

Reviewer: Is this change accurate?

```suggestion
Use the MQTT Test Client, described in the [getting started guide](GettingStarted.md) to send event data. Event data will be stored in Dataverse as IoT alerts, and the vehicle asset will be created if necessary.
```
